
The SAVGOL_FILTER node is based on a numpy or scipy function.

The description of that function is as follows:

    Apply a Savitzky-Golay filter to an array.

    This is a 1-D filter. If 'x'  has dimension greater than 1, 'axis' determines the axis along which the filter is applied.

Parameters
----------
x : array_like
    The data to be filtered. If 'x' is not a single or double precision
    floating point array, it will be converted to type numpy.float64 before filtering.
window_length : int
    The length of the filter window (i.e., the number of coefficients).
    If 'mode' is 'interp', 'window_length' must be less than or equal to the size of 'x'.
polyorder : int
    The order of the polynomial used to fit the samples.
    'polyorder' must be less than 'window_length'.
deriv : int, optional
    The order of the derivative to compute. This must be a
    nonnegative integer. The default is 0, which means to filter
    the data without differentiating.
delta : float, optional
    The spacing of the samples to which the filter will be applied.
    This is only used if deriv > 0. Default is 1.0.
axis : int, optional
    The axis of the array 'x' along which the filter is to be applied.
    Default is -1.
mode : str, optional
    Must be 'mirror', 'constant', 'nearest', 'wrap' or 'interp'. This
    determines the type of extension to use for the padded signal to
    which the filter is applied.  When 'mode' is 'constant', the padding
    value is given by 'cval'.  See the Notes for more details on 'mirror',
    'constant', 'wrap', and 'nearest'.
    When the 'interp' mode is selected (the default), no extension
    is used.  Instead, a degree 'polyorder' polynomial is fit to the
    last 'window_length' values of the edges, and this polynomial is
    used to evaluate the last 'window_length // 2' output values.
cval : scalar, optional
    Value to fill past the edges of the input if 'mode' is 'constant'.
    Default is 0.0.

Returns
-------
DataContainer
    type 'ordered pair', 'scalar', or 'matrix'
